Idiot, why didn't you drown?
Eating and working closely together.
Wait, didn't I choke on a fishbone?
What?
Su Qingyu, I'm warning you.
If during tomorrow's selection...
you don't do as I say...
I'll call my mother back to skin you alive.
I'll do as you say.
But pull me up first.
Hurry up!
Su Qingyu,
don't forget what you just promised about the selection.
Selection? Did I turn around?
A year ago, oh heavens!
Are you joking with me?
I finally climbed to the top,
and now you want me to start over?
No way, did he get hit so hard that he became dumb?
Why are you staring at me?
I'm warning you!
If you keep staring, I'll gouge out your eyes.
Come here!
Shouldn't we discuss the details of the selection?
Come and talk!
You dare hit me?
Not only will I hit you, but I'll also push you!
Su Qingyuan, I'll kill you!
What he said does sound like a good idea.
Rather than going into the palace...
and seeing the emperor and his concubine's affection...
it's better to enjoy freedom outside the palace.
Come back and help me up!
Suzhou people!